# Snugug's Little Helpers

A collection of Foundry VTT helpers. I'll eventually turn this into a module.

## Macros

- `check-if-door-is-open.js` - For use with [Monk's Active Tile Triggers](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/monks-active-tiles). Go to anchor only if a door is open. To use, call this with the `Run Macro` action and pass in the ID of the door you want to check and, optionally, the anchor name, as args (for example `9dqfoun5sx9ztrae open` will check that door and return an anchor `anchor-open`). If the door is open, will return an anchor with the triggering tokens, otherwise won't.
- `customizable-anchors-based-on-dc.js` - For use with [Monk's Active Tile Triggers](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/monks-active-tiles) and [Monk's TokenBar](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/monks-tokenbar). Lets you redirect a requested roll based on multiple DCs instead of just a single DC, including options for critical success and failure. To use, after requesting a roll, call this with the `Run Macro` action and pass in the DC ranges you want to check as args. They can be a number (`x`), a range (`x-y`) where the number rolled is greater than or equal to `x` and less than or equal to `y`, `<x`, `<=x`, `>x` or `>=x` for rolls less than, less than or equal to, greater than, or greater than or equal to `x`, and finally `crit-success`, `crit`, or `critical` for rolling the highest die face (for instance, a natural 20) or `crit-fail`, `critical-fail`, `crit-failure`, `critical-failure`, or `fumble` for rolling the lowest die face (for instance, a natural 1). The anchors will be in the form of `check {{option}}` with `{{option}}` being what you passed in. For example, if you pass in `>=18 10-15 crit fumble` your anchors will be `check >=18`, `check 10-15`, `check crit`, and `check fumble`.
- `cub-immobile.js` - For use with [Combat Utility Belt](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/combat-utility-belt/). Automatically adds and removes the `Immobile` condition when given conditions are enabled or disabled. Useful for when multiple conditions all prevent a token from moving without needing to add the specific settings to each. To use, add an `Immobile` condition that sets speed to 0, add a `macro.execute` with the name of this macro to other conditions you'd like this to apply to, and make sure this macro's `lookups` array matches. You can use `3p-settings/cub-dnd5e-condition-map.json` for pre-configured conditions that utilize this macro.
- `cub-incapacitated.js` - For use with [Combat Utility Belt](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/combat-utility-belt/). Automatically adds and removes the `Incapacitated` condition when given conditions are enabled or disabled. Useful for when multiple conditions all prevent a token from moving without needing to add the specific settings to each. To use, add an `Incapacitated` condition that sets speed to 0, add a `macro.execute` with the name of this macro to other conditions you'd like this to apply to, and make sure this macro's `lookups` array matches. You can use `3p-settings/cub-dnd5e-condition-map.json` for pre-configured conditions that utilize this macro.
- `moulinette-sources.js` - For use with [Moulinette](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/moulinette-core) and its suite of modules. Adds provided sources to Moulinette's index while ensuring there aren't duplicates with existing sources (so can be run multiple times in a row with different sources). Once run, go into Moulinette and index your sources.
- `toggle-play-controls.js` - Toggles visibility of UI items. Useful for toggling controls and tools on and off between a "play" focus and an "edit" focus. See macro comments for how to choose what to toggle on and off.
